9 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and here
in Hong Kong, you're watching the China
show. I'm Ivon Man with David.
>> Good morning. We're counting down to the
open of markets in greater China. Our
top stories today, President Trump calls
out US allies for rejecting his appeal
for help reopening the street of Hormuz,
calling the decision a foolish mistake.
Asian stocks rise and oil holds on to
gains ahead of the flurry of rate
decisions led by the Fed, followed by
the central banks of Japan, the UK, and
the European Union.
>> Now, the region's chip makers also
rising as Nvidia says it's getting ready
for chip sales to China. a a comeback
that could be worth billions of dollars.
So, you're seeing President Trump
shifting the narrative a little bit
here. First, it was demanding all these
uh allies to help him with reopening the
Street of Hormuz. Now, it's just saying,
"Look, we don't need you. Um, in the
meantime, you're still talking about oil
that's around a hundred bucks and now
it's up to the Fed. We're still talking
about Fed day here today and what
they're going to do about it.
>> Yeah, it's and that's really where
markets are hoping to get clarity uh in
terms of their path forward. The Fed,
not just the Fed, right? You have a
flurry of central banks and how they
will if they look through inflation and
if they see softness in demand and not
inflation, I think is a key point there.
uh because you're right right we are
getting a lot more commentary coming
through from the white house not
necessarily clarity uh on what they mean
but yes the divisions and the tensions
between you know and it's also worth
pointing out right uh prime minister
Takichi is headed to DC and of course
against that backdrop of monetary policy
decisions and this the frictions within
within the US alliance
>> and what we've learned is with the
Chinese I mean it it seems like the the
talks with President Trump have been
delayed I mean he you know he talked
about five or six weeks from now so that
does at least move the calendar date uh
which could be a relief for the Chinese
as well. They've been asking for a bit
of extension. So that at least has been
pushed back that also does weigh on
sentiment in China but certainly there's
going to be a lot I mean especially with
the RBA I think after they hiked rates
yesterday. They're a little bit more
serious about fighting inflation over
there but it does might have
implications for the rest whether Iran
does force the hand of a lot of the
essential banks now.
>> That's right. Even if the the war ends
tomorrow it's something that they need
to contend with uh anyway and I think
it's also playing out as far as Chinese
markets go right. So I think one of the
things we've been tracking is really the
steepening of the yield curve there. Uh
which also goes into why maybe some of
the consumer names have been rallying.
The data has been encouraging. So
Chinese tech and consumer want to watch
separately today as risk rally uh really
gets going I guess in some ways uh when
you look at oil prices and oil prices
are down. You have the dollar coming
back a little bit as well. So those two
things are actually creating u a decent
foundation upon which risk assets are
jumping. So just in terms of FedE in
terms of rate central bank decisions you
have the Fed uh you have the ECB uh
coming through but first on deck have a
look at currencies is the Bank of Canada
later tonight Asia time then we go into
early morning of Thursday that gets into
the Fed Brazil at some point the BOJ a
few hours after that you have uh the
Bank of England and of course the ECB so
a flurry of central bank decisions it's
also worth pointing out uh that most are
probably not going to do anything. But
it's really what they say and how they
say it as my ex would like to tell me
said all the time is really what matters
sometimes. Anyway, it's a choice of
words as they say. Um the trends on your
screens uh we're looking at a rally
across uh Asian government bonds
tracking what we had on Wall Street
overnight. So yields are on the way
down. Uh very quickly uh equity markets
are doing this. Cosby is up 4% leading
the gains here across these markets. S&P
futures uh 10.1% and we are getting
Taiwan coming in line 1.4% and within
China of course speaking of tech the big
one is coming out with earnings today 10
cent more on that in a moment. Uh but
yes we are looking at some modest upside
uh we're sideways across most Chinese
assets as we speak.
>> Yeah and President Trump as we mentioned
here has lashed out at allies who
rejected his appeals for military
assistance in the war with Iran. He
singled out Japan, Australia, South
Korea in a post on True Social, even
while saying the US doesn't need
anyone's help. Trump also stepping up
his criticism of NATO, too.
>> So, uh, I think NATO is making a very
foolish mistake. And I I've long said
that, you know, I wonder whether or not
NATO would ever be there for us. So,
this is a this was a great test because
we don't need them, but they should have
been there. The other thing is u and I
think you know very important uh we
didn't have to be there for Ukraine.
>> So certainly that does leave a lot of
questions about what comes next here.
You know really kind of ditching his
efforts to recruit a lot of the partners
uh in this war and really unblocking the
straight of horror moves. For more
details, let's bring in our team, our
politics editor, Laura Davidson, and our
chief major correspondent, Stephen
Engel, who's tracking, of course, a US
and China trade talks. Laura, I'll start
with you. So, you know, at first was
like, you know, almost like you must
help us out uh to the the message to
allies. Now, it says we don't need you.
What comes next now, Laura?
>> Uh really unclear. Trump uh is uh you
know, feeling uh very irritable and and
and frankly kind of hurt over this. uh
you know he didn't get the response he
wanted from allies and so uh instead has
just sort of reversed his position uh
here uh you know he he has not been able
to to drum up support uh from NATO
allies from Asian allies from really
anywhere uh around the globe uh for this
war really only the only uh um uh
partner who's come forward and said that
they'll send sort of a modicum of
support has been uh Ukraine uh notably
uh you know some of the drone warfare
that that Zilinsky has been able to use
in the in the war against Russia there.
Uh but this is uh you know puts Trump in
a really tough spot. Uh he's also put
some some deadlines on this war. He uh
that Kevin Hasset, the White House
economic director, says that this war
will last be four to six weeks more and
after that it will start to hit US
consumers. Trump has also put that five
to six week deadline on a Trump G summit
getting rescheduled. This is an
important uh moment here because if you
know the war is not resolved, if things
are still in a bad place come early May,
this puts a lot of pressure on Trump
both globally as well as domestically to
come with to sort of announce and and
and put forward some sort of solution on
what the path forward is.
>> Yeah. If we use Laura, just to borrow
your what you just said there, if we use
that time frame on the end of the war as
perhaps the
uh the benchmark for when that trip to
Beijing might be able to take place and
Steve, I'll bring you in on this point
here. Uh what more do we know beyond the
around five or six weeks and it pertains
to the timeline there for the for the
summit? Yeah, that's the only guideline
we have right now is five to six weeks.
And if Kevin Hassid is saying four to
six weeks for the end of the war in
Iran, so you can basically uh peg that
the trip to China could possibly happen
whenever the the Trump administration
determines uh that hostilities have
subsided in Thran. Uh keep in mind China
the back channel communications
essentially and from sources telling
Bloomberg uh that Beijing doesn't want
to have anything to do necessarily with
uh or even giving any kind of modum of
support by welcoming Donald Trump to
Beijing at this time to give the
impression that possibly Beijing is
supporting whatever the Trump
administration is doing whether it's an
excursion into Iran or outright war they
they don't want necessarily according to
the sources have to be connected in that
way. So a delay right now while Donald
Trump has sort of backtracked from some
of his comments he made over the weekend
where he said I might delay this trip to
China which by the way is going to plan
to happen in two weeks time from now I
might back away from that if China
doesn't come to our help uh securing the
waterways in the straight of Hormuz.
Now, the Trump administration has backed
away from that connection, essentially
saying that's a false narrative. That's
Scott Besson, the Treasury Secretary,
saying that. Jameson Greer, the US trade
representative, doubling down on that
sentiment as well, saying the delay has
no relation to the trade and economic
talks at all. Uh, and again, essentially
saying that this was, and Scott Bessant
reaffirming that this was because of the
Trump has his hands full with the war
and it's a logistical problem right now.
But again, I would say Beijing has been
very quiet on this matter. The
spokesperson at the daily briefing at
the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in
Beijing yesterday pretty much said very
little other than that they've been in
contact uh with the United States on
this matter.
>> Yeah, there's a great BN story that that
you know this is something that Trump
does, right? Delays and pushes, you
know, these foreign visits as a form of
leverage. Um but leverage is certainly
the key word here. Does this potentially
in some way derail the progress when it
comes to trade talks?
>> I guess it it you know who do you ask?
We'll have a different answer to that.
Jameson Greer is saying absolutely not
as I just read out his quote. uh they've
they they basically their narrative
coming out of those talks with Hulong
over the weekend in Paris is that they
are discussing and it's something the
vice commerce minister of China also
confirmed that they're working on some
sort of new framework uh to not
formalize but maybe have a different way
of categorizing bilateral trade and
other issues that might crop up between
China and the United States to make it a
little bit more permanent that truth
that we got in December. Does that
derail? Maybe that's a stronger word
than we can use right now. Maybe it it
simply takes a little bit of the steam
out of the progress that was made in
Paris and it pushes that can the
proverbial can further down the road.
And it it definitely puts into question
whether those two leaders, Xiinping and
Donald Trump will be able to meet that
goal, if you will, sort of an unofficial
goal of having four meetings at various
places uh over this year.
Yeah, I mean it's it's certainly not a
net net positive um and certainly
confuses a lot more people uh and really
what's going on. Uh Laura, let let me
just end with you here. Uh there is some
certainty though over this visit. Uh the
Japanese are headed to to DC. Um is that
going to be straightforward or might
that also be somewhat awkward?
>> Uh there is certainly a lot of
awkwardness to go around here. uh you
know, Juan Takichi had this visit set up
well before the war in Iran uh started
and uh you know, sort of the the agenda
items that she wanted to bring to the
table uh you know, in terms of uh
security, defense, semiconductors,
trade. Uh all of that will be
overshadowed by uh the war um and and
all the the moving pieces there.
Compounding that, she's meeting Trump
when he's in a not a particularly good
mood. He's been rebuffed by allies all
week. He uh you know, has has has sort
of struggled with this war on the
messaging um both and and on the
strategy as well. Uh so this could be
one of those um Oval Office moments
where he's uh sitting there uh next to
Takiichi. The press is crammed into the
room and things could potentially go off
the rails. Uh this is uh you know kind
of a a really a livewire moment for
Takiichchi to keep uh these relations
good.
>> Yeah, certainly she has a a warm
relationship with the president. We'll
see what how she approaches all this as
well. Uh Laura, thank you. Our politics
editor, Laura Davidson joining us from
Tokyo there and also Stephen Angel, our
chief North Asia correspondent. In terms
of your agenda here today, yes, we
talked about that update when it comes
to that Trump cheese summit. So that's
been pushed back by a few weeks as well.
That steeper CGB curve certainly is one
thing to watch. You know, this came on
the back of that data dump that was
better than expected uh just a few days
ago. So certainly that is we continue to
follow that steepening sort of trade.
There is going to be a CGB sale here
today. Uh sectors that we got to watch
out for still is going to be the oil
plays, still going to be the metals
plays as well. 10-centent earnings. You
know, there's a great piece about, you
know, how they're they may be leading or
finally catching up in this whole AI
race when it comes to aentic AI. So, AI
will be front and center for these
earnings there. But also, Tencent Music,
ZTO, credential uh reporting here today.
We we end the day with some jobless
numbers coming out of Hong Kong.
>> Yep. Red Taxi on the Ding-D rails there
for you. Uh Tencent set for its biggest
out performance relative to Alibaba, of
course, monthly there. uh going back a
couple of months. It's been quite right
on AI, but suddenly we're here talking
about this earnings on deck as you can
see on your screens. So, yeah, we have
lots more coming up, including a preview
of course of 10-centent results coming
through in a moment here.
>> Yep. And as it shoots for a fifth
straight quarter of doubledigit revenue
growth, of course, with those agentic AI
ambitions in focus, we're also coming
down the open of trade in Shanghai,
Shenzhen, and Hong Kong. This is the
China Show.
Uh right, welcome back. We are seeing a
rally third straight day as you can see
on your screens after the initial drop
early this month. G when the war started
equities have somewhat found some
stability and we're now pushing towards
the higher end of this very tight range
of of late and a lot of that has to do
with the rally today. We're seeing
across the Cosby index. You have Samsung
within that. Taiwan of course is also
punching quite strongly to the upside as
is the nicke225. So the question is up
once once we get up into the uh upper
end of this range, what does the dollar
then do? Right? The dollar then becomes
your rat poison if that goes to the
upside. We're doing well and A50 futures
going into the session today. We're
looking at 10 cent uh CGBs in focus.
Steepener steepening of the curve. We
just got the fix of the day bottom of
your screens. So it seems like a day of
Asia exchina, but we'll see. It's early.
We'll we'll see what course what happens
here. Yeah, it just seems like markets
are trying to look past this whole Iran
situation for now. Um, given that there
hasn't been that much in terms of change
there, maybe it's good to look back more
at earnings, which certainly is a bit
more on the fundamentals. And 10-centent
certainly is going to be front and
center in just a few hours. Expected to
record its fifth straight quarter of
double-digit revenue growth when reports
later on today. In fact, thanks to its
core gaming and advertising businesses,
but investors will also be focused on
its ambitions when it comes to agentic
AI. Let's bring in Mim Lo, our China
correspondent on, you know, what to
expect this time around.
>> Yeah, I think we will be looking out for
management commentary about um how much
it will raise its AI spending because so
far uh Tencent has been quite prudent.
It hasn't matched the sort of huge capex
spending the likes of uh like what
Alibaba has announced. Um and of course
recently it's been OpenClaw that's been
all the rage, right? And Tencent has
been one of those that rolled out its
integrated service called QC claw. If
you look at Tencent's performance the
past year or so, it's actually been
lagging behind Alibaba because it's seen
as being slower in rolling out uh its AI
apps. It's seen as slower in acquiring
new users particularly if you look at
its chat GPT like app which is called
Yuenpa. You compare that with Alibaba's
Quinn or uh uh to which is bite dancers
app. Yuenpa has the smallest user base.
But that all changed in March. You look
at the stock performance. It started to
catch up in March with Alibaba. Uh, and
it seems like investors are really
betting that Tencent could be best
positioned to capture this AI agent
market because of the existing ecosystem
it has. With WeChat, it's a a super app
with many mini apps on it that gives it
a treasure trove of data, many
opportunities to monetize and of course
the company is also very close to
rolling out its own agentic AI service.
Some say as soon as next month and
eventually you know they are best placed
to make WeChat that one-stop AI
assistant service.
>> Yeah, they do have that customer base of
course which is quite unique to them.
Might the concerns over uh AI push not
translating immediately in terms of
revenues and might that push down
margins? Might that be a concern?
>> Yeah, that is a major concern. I think
the good thing about 10 cent is that
right now its core revenue from gaming
advertising is still very robust. that
sets it apart from the likes of BU who
is uh which is really taking a hit on
its core revenue. So that provides a
little bit of cushion but at the same
time this demand for agentic AI that the
sheer computing power required is going
to be a major drag on its margins uh
because API pricing has been very low
over the last couple of years. There's
been a price war. The good thing for 10
cent is that starting in March they
raised their API pricing by 460%.
So maybe that might quell a bit of those
concerns around the sustainability of
its model.
>> Minman, thank you. Minman Low, our China
correspondent there. Uh in the meantime,
Nvidia, uh big news there, of course,
overnight is firing up production of its
H200 AI accelerators for the Chinese
market. The CEO says Jensen Hang of
course there says that the company has
secured licenses for many customers and
is restarting production for a market
once blocked by US export restrictions.
Our colleague Ed Ledllo reports from the
chipmakers annual conference in San
Jose.
>> The situation for Nvidia has changed in
China literally in the last 3 weeks. It
seems like now there are multiple
licenses for customers in China and
Nvidia is taking steps to meet that
demand. Here's what Jensen Wong had to
say.
>> We've been um uh licensed for many
customers in China for H200.
uh we have received purchase orders um
from many customers and we're in the
process of uh restarting our
manufacturing.
>> The biggest piece of clarity came around
that $1 trillion figure a sales
opportunity 2025 to 2027. It is just
Blackwell and Reuben based systems. It
does not take into account any revenues
or revenue opportunities from CPU or
even Grock. Although Jed Wong did say
that if you factored Grock into it,
there could be up to 25% upside on that
$1 trillion figure. Beyond that, it was
very much a kind of state of the world.
It always is at GTC where Jensen Wong
holds court with the press and goes
through a wide range of issues. But
probably uh the the biggest thing beyond
sort of talking about how robust demand
is is the solidity of supply chains.
there's going to need to be trillions of
dollars worth of capacity put in place
to meet the supply uh that's required
for current demand. Um Jensen Wong also
addressed what's happening both in the
Middle East and in Iran. Um Nvidia has
lots of employees in in Israel and he
said that the company is committed to
Israel. He's very worried about his
employees there. And as it relates to
Taiwan and the future of Taiwan, Nvidia
is 100% committed uh and its supply
chain has heavy concentration there.
That is not going to change. Ed Lllo for
Bloomberg News in San Jose, California.
>> Uh just immediately some breaking news
now. Mitsui OSK listed in Japan of
course massive pop in the stock. Reuters
is reporting that Elliot has well has
taken or takes a significant stake uh in
in the company. the the company itself
has just also come out a few seconds ago
with a comment that of that they won't
comment on individual investor shares
are rising substantially right now in
Tokyo.
>> Yeah. So we we'll get a bit more clarity
there but the company has spoken out
saying yeah they won't comment on this
right now. Another mover that we're
tracking is 10-centent music. So
earnings came out here. We did see the
ADRs actually fall quite a bit here uh
during the US session after we did see
the company report a bigger than
expected drop in monthly active users.
So slowing growth in subscription
revenues really despite that stronger
performance and other sales as well as
the stock down some 15%. We got plenty
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
Uh I like the juxtaposition of A50
futures hang and the weather across both
are fairly similar in as far as you'll
we'll show you that graphic in a moment.
very proportionate in terms of the dim
switch. Um anyway, two ten of to 1% to
the upside. A50 futures are flat going
into the the open here today.
>> Yeah, in terms of what we're watching
out for, uh you know, you're still
seeing some gains across substantial
gains across Asia benchmarks here today.
So, it there's an earnings kind of
flavor to all this here today. Take a
look at 10-centent news. We talked about
that. Uh JP Morgan also has cut the
stock to neutral here with a price
target of $48. Uh so that's kind of
where we are right now with the stock
itself. Uh ZTO Express they also came
out with earnings and uh I believe there
is a bit of a dividend that they've
announced as well. Um so certainly
that's one thing to watch. New share
buyback I I apologize I correct myself.
Kingd also net income missing estimates
here but the stock uh is doing quite
well and we're watching the likes of uh
10-centent. That's the next one to watch
the boards and see you know you have 10
cent you have J you have Costco shipping
all reporting later on here today. Um,
China chips, we talked about that just
given the focus with Nvidia ramping up
their H200 sales uh there in China. So,
you are seeing at least some of the chip
space uh doing okay. CLH shares also
Morgan Stanley raising the price target
for the company. Uh, this is on the back
of really the ride it has been on since
his earnings came out, but they talked
about uh when it comes to the net cash
position is better than expected there
in those 2025 results. That's why they
have raised their price target by around
8%.
>> Yeah. Okay. Um, in terms of data points,
not a lot today. Well, we have one of
course here in Hong Kong, which is the
unemployment rate that's coming out
later today. Um, apart from that, it's
really all about central banks. We are
going to be on watch from, well, from
now, of course, uh, Canada starts things
uh, kicks things off later tonight, Asia
time. U, I talked about this graphic.
I'm not sure if that's a function of
just 30 windows in Shanghai. Uh,
interesting there. and a view from IFC
in Shanghai and a view of IFC here in
Hong Kong. Uh inward looking and looking
into some reflective thoughts going into
the Wednesday session. Uh flat and A50
hanging is up 210 of 1%. The opening
bell is coming up next.
Good morning and welcome back. You're
watching the China show. Just counting
down to the open up markets here in
greater China. So we are looking at a
rally across the region led by Japan,
Korea, and Taiwan. So that's just
basically also saying tech is also
seeing a bounce today. 10-centent is due
out with earnings. So, we'll see whether
or not the markets uh do find further
um solace uh in some of the numbers
coming through that reports of course
after the close today. Apart from that
though, 210 and 1% today, but 10ent
music is one we're tracking of course
going into today following that quite a
steep drop there. a badass set of
earnings on that front. And as we countd
down to the Fed, I think that's going to
be the next focus for investors here
today on how they're going to respond or
at least what's the messaging going to
be about this spike in oil prices and
what they're going to do about it or
they're just going to see look through
it. Certainly, that's going to be the
big question here for investors. And
right now, it seems like markets are
treading higher here as we countd down
to that big Fed decision as well. And
really kind of moving on in some ways
from the latest Iran headlines. And you
take a look how it is. CSI 300 is up
about a third of 1%. Shanghai crude is
still a little bit elevated here. We're
up about one and a half% for futures
there for crude. Uh and we're focusing
very closely on, you know, what happens
in this whole A share 8 share. Goldman
just coming out with an interesting
report. They have lifted their 2025
earnings growth forecast for China ASA
to 10%.
>> Albeit though, they're lowering the
outlook for this year to 13% for both
Asshares and Msei China on the account
of higher oil prices. So that certainly
is one thing that they're factoring in
here right now, but they still think
that ashares will outpace Hong Kong when
it comes to earnings growth. So that
certainly is one upside I guess
potentially for the ashare market
particularly when it comes to some of
these big large cap tech or or just
large caps I should say not doing a
whole lot here this morning. There's not
a whole lot of conviction to say the
least. Volumes have been actually quite
low uh despite the rallies that we've
seen uh in Asia yesterday as well. Take
a look when it comes to the Hong Kong
side of things. Um when David
contemplates what happens with windows
and the like, you know, it seems a bit
clear at least today in Hong Kong. Um
albeit we're not seeing, you know,
massive gains like the rest of, you
know, Korea and Taiwan and Japan here
this morning. Um but you are seeing when
it comes to Tencent. That's the big one
to watch. Um you know, the shares are
slightly lower leading up to those
earnings despite the fact that we're
going to get some decent ones a lot of
focus on AI and Agentic AI. They've
launched a few products. Uh that
certainly is going to be the key focus
here whether they can catch up in this
whole AI race with Alibaba. The stock
certainly has reflected that uh given
that it has outperformed Alibaba of
late. Um but Alibaba is also down about
4/10 of 1% here today. Um you take a
look when it comes to you know the
property sector is catching a bid here.
You're watching also the banks like HSBC
also seeing gains of 1%. So some of
these old traditional sectors are doing
quite well. Offshore B is still slightly
on the stronger side. We're 688 levels
here this morning, but we're pretty flat
when it comes to Aegis Tech overall. Uh
we talked about the China chips angle
just given the fact that Nvidia uh at
this big conference did announce that
they are ramping up the H200 for sales
to China. So does that impact at least
some of these Chinese chip makers? Looks
like overall it is to the positive right
now. Huahong Semi is up some 1.3%. Uh
we've talked about earnings. Credential,
ZTO, Tencent Music, and Kingd have
reported among those. Uh ZTO with a big
buyback program. Credential also talked
about new business value uh was actually
gaining there. So they also added to
their buyback. Um but right now we're
watching very close to Tencent Music.
Look at that 22% drop there. Uh when it
came to just subscription sales, that
did disappoint. Uh some are also talking
about the mounting sort of cost when it
comes to AI adoption as well. that could
actually is continue to weigh on the
company in some ways. Uh watching CL
shares. Okay. So interesting note from
uh the likes of Morgan Stanley. So they
they just been kind of focusing on
overall the the earnings that we got for
2025 and they're saying look
>> net cash positive everything looks
pretty good right now better than
expected. So they upgraded A and H
shares uh but CL is lower here today in
the A share market.
>> Okay. Yeah. What about Hong Kong
robotics? Um
anyway, okay,
>> I
>> I chose to skip it.
>> Yeah. Okay, that's that's us being
pensive. Okay. Um lots to talk about
today. Well, okay, we'll get to the
breaking lines coming through out of
Elliot management on OSK in a moment. Um
interesting is that we are going into a
flurry of central bank decisions where
if you think about it, the best case,
well, the the real possibility really is
they're not going to do anything, right?
the markets are building up this wallet
worry for nothing or they could choose
to see inflation and not a softening of
demand through the inflation story that
then becomes a problem. We know of
course this dollar story. Uh if I could
ask my producers to bring up the
correlation chart between equities and
the US dollar and that negative
correlation has in fact been deepening
of late. So once this dollar does come
if it does come back it's going to be a
problem for this rally. Mark Cranfield
is with us to give us more context here
on how we should be looking at the Feds.
And Mark, thank you for joining us, the
Fed and Friends because you have a whole
flurry of central bank decisions into
Europe uh Thursday evening Asia time.
Mark,
>> indeed. Uh and I think people be looking
for the inflation angle across the board
here. It's the Fed is probably the very
important from that point of view. But
the European Central Bank also will
carry a lot of weight when they come in
tomorrow as indeed with the Bank of
Japan but for for slightly different
reasons. But what we'll be looking for
from Jerome Pow now apart from all the
public data that there is he will have
some of his own readings and if you look
there's a there's a very good report
from Bloomberg Intelligence which came
out overnight with their now cast models
and what they're showing is that
inflation readings are already going up
and Jerome Pow and his friends will be
aware of exactly that kind of thing and
traders will be looking for them how
they interpret that and whether or not
they will dare to take the risk that
they did back in a couple of years ago
when they talked about inflation being
transitory. Now we know how much trouble
that got them into. Uh they delayed
interest rate hikes for too long when
inflation was picking up and eventually
they had to do serious catch-up plays
and raise interest rates probably a lot
further than they really wanted to and
there was a massive flattening of
Treasury yield curves and the
consequence effects for assets across
the board. Now, it's very early stages.
We're only into the third week of the
the war in Iran, but clearly with oil
prices as high as they are, they've got
to start taking this into account. So,
what investors will be looking for is
how seriously they're willing to act
about those inflation numbers. Traders
are already pricing out interest rate
cuts for this year, pretty much gone
across the board now as far as the FOMC
is concerned and for most central banks
around the world. Australia has already
started to hike. So that gives you a
clue of what the people around the world
are thinking about this in the G10
space. Now whether Jerome Pal gives that
clearly or whether he hints about it,
anything he has to say about the outlook
for inflation is where the bond market
especially will be jumping on that and
clearly the risks are skewed towards
generally yields rising today. But
probably more significantly is a kind of
a flattening twist in the curve. That's
what people have been looking for very
carefully today.
>> And and equity markets, Mark, seem to
be, you know, shrugging it off at right
now. We've actually seen a pretty decent
positive start to the week, especially
here in Hong Kong. You've been writing
about 10-centent earnings, though. That
might be the dampener. Why?
>> Um, it just doesn't have a good track
record of performing well around
earnings time. I mean even though they
quite often come out with um decent
numbers somehow the market seems to
price so much in in advance that of the
of the past six quarterly earnings five
times the stock has fallen in in
reaction to that. So it's it seems to do
its its work ahead of that. There's also
this other bigger concern. You talk
about the angic AI situation and there's
just people getting very concerned that
there's cannibalization going on
particularly with the Chinese tech
firms. They're just fighting one another
over all these products in the space
which is reducing potential profits for
these companies. They're so keen to gra
to grab the latest device to get more
market share. All it's doing is huge
investments but the returns don't match
with the money flowing into the market
and investors can see this. So they're
taking a a more conservative approach to
to those kind of companies. a bit of a
contrast to what you're seeing in the
United States where there seems to be a
smaller group of companies dominating
that field and they're still able to
extract some money out of it. So for the
time being, we probably need to see some
consolidation in the in the Chinese
space before investors are happy with
what they see this fight over AI. It's
and the the flip side of course is what
you're seeing in Korea is you got the
Cosby absolutely going through the roof
because the people that producing the
chips that drive this are still so much
in demand that those companies uh
Samsung's SKHIX those kind of they're
rebounding very very quickly. So you're
getting this massive divergence between
people that want to stay with the
winners and they want to avoid the
losers. And it's something we've seen
before across global markets where if
you're winning, great. If you're losing,
you're going to stay losing.
Mark, thank you. Mark Cranfield there,
our MI strategist joining us out of
Singapore. As Mark was speaking, there
was a line that dropped on your terminal
here. Uh this is more reporting from
Reuters this morning, uh talking about
how Chinese authorities have approved
Nvidia's H200 AI chip sales. And this
comes on the back what we heard from
Jensen Huang just a few hours ago in the
US during this big conference of theirs
saying they already are firing up
manufacturing of those H200 accelerators
uh for customers in China. So it seems
according to Reuters, China has been
given approval of this as well. So yes,
the stars might be aligning finally for
Nvidia in China. Dave,
>> yeah, certainly some momentum going into
the summit in in two weeks. Oh, wait.
There's the situation of course in the
Middle East and we now know that that
summit might get uh pushed back even
further really on the back of this was
supposed to be actually one of the
talking points across if you dial it
back 6 months ago. Um tech access to
both markets between the US and China.
But of course there are other things
happening in the world right now. You
have oil prices and the dollar on the
way up gently speaking. How is that
affecting the Chinese market
specifically and beyond that what are
the opportunities that the market
presents? joining us here on set, Raymon
Jen, equity portfolio manager at China
AMC Hong Kong. Raymond, good morning.
Very nice to see you.
>> Good morning.
>> Um the what have you observed to be the
biggest impact on on Chinese markets
given the events in the Middle East?
>> In the in the past, we saw that Chinese
market actually um have held up better
than Asian peers
>> especially during the global selloff um
caused by the war in Iran. uh we believe
that the investor generally um they see
or they view China as a safe haven in
some you know ways one most important
thing is China's you know energy makes
us quite diversified not rely only on
the oil and gas
>> okay
>> and mainly driven by the coal and
renewables and the most important thing
is that the support by the Chinese
government we saw during the past a
crisis of volatility actually um Chinese
government's step in the market and
trying to set a floor for the um market
sentiment. We think that is important.
Yeah.
>> You also mentioned when it comes to the
AI value chain as a whole in China,
>> you you've been very constructive around
that theme.
>> How do you position around the the whole
AI theme in China?
Actually um in China MC we are very
constructed on AI and we invest the
whole supply chains uh within the uh AI
you know value chain from the uh
infrastructure to application layer to
the uh uh the the pars. So actually we
just launched the AI ETF focusing on the
um leading companies both list in Hong
Kong market and the US market. actually
this product is well positioned for the
growing demand of the investors. Um
their exposure especially the thematic
exposure on the AI especially in these
two very different and very uh dynamic
ecosystems in China and the US. So
actually uh I think we're well
positioned uh in the uh you know uh uh
investing through the active fund but
also on ETF side. Yeah. So, so
interesting. It's it's rare you get, at
least for now, it's rare you get um a
bet on both horses, right? It's either
you get the US
>> or the Chinese side, which are dual
track. Uh suffice to say, you guys are
bullish on both. And what could be the
risk to being bullish on both?
>> Yeah. And we all know that China GPU,
you know, chips actually their
capability is a little bit limited. So,
actually, China needs to seek a
different path versus US, right? M
>> and China actually is very strong in
advanced manufacturing. So actually
Chinese government they want to combine
their ability of manufacturing with the
AI development. So actually uh we think
China markets have for example in
robotic in humanoid robotics actually
Chinese companies account for more than
half of the top 10 robotic names in the
world now. So that is a very good
example to show that China market in AI
is quite different from the past of the
US. But these two markets also have a
lot of value. We need to seek offer from
them.
>> What who who comes out as the front
runners then of of this whole area? We
talk about
>> is it Alibaba? Now we're talking about
10 cent that could be lean the chart and
agentic AI and then you have some of
these startups
>> that maybe don't have the same sort of
in terms of data or the deep pockets
like these internet tech giants.
>> How do you kind of you know filter
through the winners and losers? Now
>> well uh in terms of the uh winners or
loser I think it is not either all
question. Okay. Uh in China we have the
very big population and we have the a
lot of population there. they can adapt
those new cutting edge you know apps
very quick very soon. So that provide
this tech giants the opportunity to to
grab such kind of a good opportunities
in the AI era. So probably some tech
giants like Tensson they are you know uh
did very good in the application layer.
So actually uh we see now that actually
a lot of the participants in AI era in
China now not only on this hardware side
but also on the application side and the
software side. So actually we will see a
lot of opportunities. So now it is still
too early in the booming you know
industries. AI actually is not a pure
theme right now. It already changed
world changed industries change the
economies on the global scale. So
actually what we are doing now is trying
to follow follow the trend of the AI
follow the uh development of very fast
development in AI. Yeah.
>> Um out outside of AI does anything else
excite you when it comes to China?
>> Um we saw that during the past two weeks
the work report from the meeting right
we find something very uh important
points. Um the first of all is that the
you know higher focus on the promoting
the moderate inflation and will address
the what we call the evolutionary
behaviors to improve the margin. I think
that is very important right if you
control the supply and the gradually uh
imp expanding of the demand will drive
the uh improvement of the margin and the
profitability of the listed companies.
Another thing should be AI. Okay, back
to AI. A AI was a huge focus on the
world report. So actually um AI plus
manufacturing. I think that is a very
huge potential in China for us to
explore. Yeah,
>> there's a narrative that if China
continues to double down on its efforts
in AI, innovation and manufacturing and
in the high-end side of things that
consumption will falter. consumption
efforts to boost consumption are kind of
pushed to the wayside. Do you see it
that way? But because we have seen some
consumption plays actually doing quite
well of late.
>> Yeah. Um actually if you look at the I
mentioned that inflation right
>> if the PPI could get back to the
positive level as early as March as this
month actually we will see
>> PPI
>> PPI right and the CPI now is around like
1%. Right? So actually we will you know
go to a better narratives from the uh
deflation races last like two years ago
or one year ago. So actually when we get
to a moderate inflation stage of phase
actually more you know consumption name
will benefit from such kind of the
recovery. I think that is very important
for us. Yeah
>> Raymond it's great to have you here in
the studio. Raymond J their equity
portfolio manager at China AMC Hong
Kong. We got plenty more to come. This
is Bloomberg.
>> Well, you may have missed or looked into
this more yesterday uh late afternoon.
The sources telling us that uh that
Beijing is restricting Chinese companies
incorporated overseas from seeking IPOs
in Hong Kong. Now, these so-called red
chip firms are registered outside China
but hold assets and businesses within
it. Now, Bloomberg Intelligence thinks
that the new limits could slow the
listing pipeline here in Hong Kong.
Let's bring in Charnie Wong, our senior
analyst with us here to talk us through,
of course, is this clampdown, is it a
major roadblock now for Hong Kong
listing specifically?
>> Yes. So, I I I think um well, in the
first two months when we look at overall
red chips as percentage of total IPO
proceeds, it's only 7%.
>> Um, so I I don't think the immediate
impact is going to be very significant.
And then also it sounds like that the
clampdown it's quite targeted. So
they're not you know banning all red
chips uh just those you know that don't
really have a a good reason for
incorporating overseas. So I I think
overall the impact uh would be less than
that.
>> What does it mean for the pipeline? Does
it you know what's the outlook now?
>> Yes. So so far this year you know it's
been really strong. 28 companies raising
about 12 billion and despite that only
7% of of red chips as I mentioned um and
actually for this year we're still
anticipating total IPO proceeds to be
about 40 billion um and and I I think
you know the pipeline looks really
strong you know the Hong Kong Exchange
has said there's nearly 500 um in the
pipeline and then actually u a bit over
200 have applied to the CSRC already so
these are Chinese companies looking to
list in Hong Kong so uh We actually
think that will continue despite these
risks.
>> Uh so what are the other things that
could derail the momentum? So red chips
perhaps not a big part. There's also
obviously a the incentive there to
simply incorporate in China, right? That
allows you to come in here. So what what
risks are you watching then apart from
this?
>> Yes. So the pipeline has just grown a
bit too much too fast, right? So at the
end of last year it was around 300. Now
it's 500. So I think now it's more
capacity constraint of the investment
bankers, right? Right. And and then
we've seen the in insider trading probe
at some of the uh brokerages the the
brokers. So uh regulatory scrutiny
that's one uh regulations and and also
the uh on on the due diligence standards
overall. So um I think that the capacity
constraint u that's probably going to be
key and then we're potentially going to
see a slower conversion of these
applications to listings. And then in
addition the SFC, you know, they've
already said that they're really worried
about the poor quality of the listing
documents. So yeah, I think just uh
overall um if they have capacity then
great, but otherwise uh yeah, I think
that's the biggest risk.
>> Shnie, thank you. Shnie Wong there, our
Bloomberg Intelligence senior analyst uh
of course on this Bloomberg scoop. Of
course, you can get more on the insiders
guide to the money and people shaking up
the finance hub in our Hong Kong edition
newsletter that's out every Thursday.
You can sign up through our QR code.
Just scan that right on your screen
there or go to the website
bloomer.com/newsletters.
In some other corporate news this
morning, senior bankers at China's
statebacked financial firms are said to
be facing major bonus cuts. Sources have
told Bloomberg some senior managers and
division chiefs have seen their 2025
bonuses slash by at least 30%. The
current wave of cuts follow a yearslong
push by President Xi to promote common
prosperity and crack down on what
officials describe as a henistic
lifestyles of elite bankers. Bentley
says it's cutting 275 jobs at it
grapples with falling sales in China,
tepid EV demand, and US tariffs. The
British luxury car maker says reductions
affecting roughly 6% of its workforce
will impact office roles rather than
manufacturing. Bentley CEO says the
measure aims to ensure the business
remains competitive.
>> Yeah, and remaining competitive is
certainly the emer re-emergent theme
when you look at memory and so far
investors have not forgotten the memory
shortage out there in the world. Chinese
names are tracking uh regional peers to
the upside and quite substantially as
you can see here uh on your screens.
Another update too, just very quickly,
shipping. Mitsui OSK uh Elliot has taken
a stake in the Japanese shipper. Um
shares are up 10.7% in the Tokyo session
with about 35 minutes left uh before we
go into the Tokyo lunch break.
>> And coming up, we'll look ahead to the
Fed as policy makers weigh a range of
fresh risks to the economy from the Iran
war ahead of course that great call. LGT
joins us next. This is Bloomberg.
All
right, we start with some breaking news
here when it comes to data center
company here day one. Now, they're
seeking to double the size of an
existing loan now to as much as $7
billion in order to expand their
operations uh in Malaysia. This is of
course a Singapore-based company here
and just really adds to how the whole
kind of debt markets and what we're
seeing in terms of funding has really
been focused on one thing which is still
AI Dave.
>> Yeah. Um don't worry about the cracks in
the private credit story is is is my
positive been there but yeah I mean they
have managed to of course uh get that
loan through and of course the runway
for this is quite long as well. Right.
So, we we'll get the details of course
of this really good Bloomberg scoop in a
moment for you once we get more
information on this from of course the
news desk uh in our newsroom here. Okay.
Um uh we're going into the
31st minutes of the cash market session
session lows in Hong Kong. Although,
check out the weather though. Uh 410 of
1% to the downside on the Hen China
index. Uh 10 cent is set to report
today. One of the big stocks we've been
tracking since the open is Tencent
Music. Uh last week we checked down 20%
downgrades through coming through out of
the street. Uh the stock worth pointing
out has done well this week although
when you look at the stock itself over
the course of one year. Flip the page
please. Uh we are at at about the lowest
in about 11 uh months or so. Uh we are
seeing a rally though across the region.
Japan is 2% to the upside just coming
off highs ever so slightly in Korea and
in Japan. Taiwan has been at 1 and a
half% there. A lot of that might have to
do with the fact that oil isn't rallying
substantially today as with the dollar.
I should also put those two things
together too. Oil on your screen still
above 100 although we are getting this
color of red which is welcome of course
when you look at risk assets today. Bond
markets your tens on your screens. We're
moving up against this window of major
central bank decisions. Everything from
the Fed which is Wednesday of course in
the US Thursday here in the Asia
Pacific. DOJ this time tomorrow. Uh
Canada is tonight Asia time. Uh and then
tomorrow evening gets us into Europe
where you have uh Super Thursday, the
Bank of England and of course the the
ECB there.
>> Yeah, it just it's interesting, right? I
think Mark Cranfield mentioned when it
comes to the ECB, I think they don't
want to repeat the mistakes that they
did during the 2022 Russian invasion of
Ukraine um and which mostly they thought
was going to be transitory and they saw
through that sort of inflation impact.
So maybe when it comes to some of these
other central banks, I think the Fed,
when you look at pricing and you look
how people are looking at this, it might
be just more about the guidance than
really what they might do because I
think right now um most people are still
pricing in one cut for this year. So
certainly, you know, it's really going
to be what what J Pal is going to say
>> and and really how he's going to
telegraph the the potential shock from
oil prices here.
>> Yeah.
Hopefully to your point right lesson
learned from the uh wobble from the
transitory issues back then and whether
or not right now is is is one of those
phases hopefully that they will look
through the current uh the current
situation but when you look at I think
break evens have moved to the upside uh
we are back at one as one is pointing
out one full rate cut before the end of
of this year and what it means really
for the dollar I think we have a chart
that's should be coming up as well here.
Uh can we get that up please? In terms
of the relationship, this comeback of
the dollar has really sapped the
momentum out of equity markets and as
you can see now we're now at the most
negative correlated situation. US dollar
against US equity specifically uh if you
had to go back. So it has really been a
pain trade this comeback of the dollar
here.
>> Yeah. Okay. Let's bring in Trangle there
FX and race strategist at LGT. She joins
us here in Hong Kong. When you take a
look at the dollar I think trade
weighted wise it's strengthened about 2%
since this war began. M
>> do you think this sort of strength can
last?
>> Um good morning. So I I think um for now
it is um during the duration of the
crisis uh we have turned um I guess
technically neutral on the dollar from
bearish previously. Um and when we look
to the stages of you know the FX market
reaction in fact it has been incredibly
rational. Um at first you get some
depositionings and then you see very
high FX performance correlations with
terms of trade and in both stages the
dollar is in favor right because of the
pro status and also because of short
positioning but I think if we take a
step back and look a bit on a medium to
long-term story what does it mean for
the dollar reserve status and and here I
think it's it's a bit more uncertain
because on one hand one can argue that
you know the military actions yet to
date in Venezuela and Iran it it kind of
demonstrates dollar supremacy, US
strengths economically and military um
you know in terms of its power. But on
the other hand, you could say that this
this u very unilateral um you know
executive power branch alongs with over
reliance on military can breed
uncertainty even for the major alleys
right we have heard from us moving navy
shipping from Asia to the Middle East
and it pressures on the NATO alleys as
well and I think over the uh medium and
long term it still means that once this
does settles uh you still look at a
gentle diversification trend for the
dollar to you
>> maybe just to look at the short term and
maybe even look backward a little bit.
Does it seem to you that was this mostly
short covering
>> in the dollar and what is does it look
stretched right now looking at
positioning and and and and absolute
levels because I want to get a sense
shortterm whether it could squeeze
higher even further. I mean shortterm
the market is in a bit of a war fat tick
right you have been trading escalation
for a while and now that oil price kind
of stabilized at a high level um but
positioning was already turning long
dollar is it very stretch I don't think
so but you look at things like skills on
the dollar which is a several years
highs yes the market is building longs
the question from here is are we moving
from a price shock to an output shock
because so far the market is still
responding is to this as a energy the
price shock mainly but you know for with
every passing day you know the concern
on on the output shock getting you know
stronger and in Asia in particular I
think the risk that I'm worrying is you
know the lack of power rationing or you
know severe shortage of physical um
market or byproducts market like you
know nafta you know fertilizer etc
helium exactly um and once the market
move to that stage you know the central
bank reaction function may be more
different
>> yeah and what is going to be that
reaction function Do you think that
right now it does diminish the prospects
for more Fed easing and what does it
mean for other central banks? We already
had the RBA
>> step forward here and and hike
yesterday.
>> Yeah, I think it's it's an incredibly
difficult environment for central banks,
right? But um I think the starting point
matters. It matters very much because if
you look at 2022 um I call this 2022
light but not 2022 redux. And the reason
I said that is because you know at the
start of 22 22 we had ultra loose
monetary policy uh fiscal tailwind wins
huge fiscal tailwind wins and severe
supply disruptions in both goods and
labor market. But you know if you look
back and you say central bank was
clearly behind the curve back then and
had to hike aggressively to bring in
inflation. If we look at the world today
I think G10 rates are largely at or
above neutrals. Um so that the behind
the curve risk is a lot less now bearing
the BOJ I would say. Um but you know in
that state of the world I think central
banks can afford to um adopt a more wait
and see approach and so for me you know
the Fed would still have a small
probability that they can you know hold
or hold or cut this year but I think the
bar for rate hike is is still relatively
high.
>> Yeah. I mean imagine if this the Fed
heated the call from the White House
last year to cut interest rates. They
they'd probably need to hike if if you
think about it. What about what about
Europe? Europe seems to be where people
are looking to be the most immediate
pain because exposure to gas prices.
>> Yeah.
>> Um it was about fiscal spending last
year. That narrative has somewhat
disappeared. What do you think about the
ECB?
>> Um I think definitely the ECB need to
retire it in a good place narrative,
right? And it's no longer in a good
place and we will see that from the
guidance from the ECB, you know,
tomorrow. um relative to the Fed the ECB
may skew a bit more hawkish because you
know the ECB has a single price
stability mandate uh whereas the Fed you
know have you know risk on most sides of
it dual mandate um but I mean for this
particular meeting I don't think Lagard
goes as far as giving us you know much
in terms of you know forward high
guidance and at 2% is is a neutral rate
for um the ECB and as I said the
starting point me they can adopt a wait
and see you in a mood for now uh what
one thing I say it's a scenario analysis
on um you know the B uh the ECB because
they do have a scenario anal um analysis
that comes along with the forecast
change and that scenario is worth you
know paying close attention to
>> will we see more pain when it comes to
EMFX and particularly when it comes to
Asia I mean you talked about the the
amount of energy rationing that we have
to do in this part of the world here
right now will EMFX still be quite
painful
>> I think so I think we still need to be
quite cautious because at the moment
there is very little in terms terms of
the left tail growth risk that's being
priced in the market. So even in places
where we like like Aussie dollar or
Korean one uh where we think there are
some cyclical supportive stories going
on here we don't think the current level
is is riskreward wise it's good to
engage and I would look for a bit more
risk premium on the growth side to be
pricing first before looking into those
positions. We've seen some central
banks, particularly among the energy
importers, they've really had to come in
and be active in the markets to
intervene. Should we expect to see more
of that short term?
>> Yes, I think so. I think so.
Intervention will see more um and that's
an interesting um you know things that
we draw between interventions and the
goal demand as well because you know
many of our clients is asking why go is
not performing well as you know a safe
heaven um in this episode. Um and one
factor I would point to is that at the
moment central banks are selling dollar.
So they don't have immediate um dollar
now for the gold diversification. It
still will be the case over the
medium-term and we still expect gold to
recover to 5500 which is about 12 months
level but as of right now there's some
softness there when it comes to central
bank.
>> All right TR uh we'll have more with
her. TR the FX array specialist at LGT
she's staying with us. Still ahead, a
closer look at how Chinese AI stocks are
decoupling from the US as a safe haven
bid as Tensen gets set to report with
its AI strategy firmly in focus. We got
BI coming up to tell us more about those
two things. This is the China show.
So, uh, I think NATO is making a very
foolish mistake, and I I've long said
that, you know, I wonder whether or not
NATO would ever be there for us. So,
this is a this was a great test cuz we
don't need them, but they should have
been there. The other thing is, u, and I
think, you know, very important, uh, we
didn't have to be there for Ukraine.
We are not a party to the conflict. So
France will never participate in
operations to free or reopen the
straight of Hermoose in the current
context. However, once the situation
gets calmer and intentionally this term
is broad enough, meaning once the core
of the bombing has ceased, then we are
ready with other nations to take on
other responsibilities such as an escort
system.
We obviously have to take everything
that the president of the United States
says um seriously. Those countries that
have the capacity and the will to help
the United States will do that and
should do that.
That was President Trump uh and some
NATO allies uh global leaders of course
they're just showing little sign that
they're actually planning or prepared to
uh participate and join in this conflict
against Iran. And President Trump, of
course, is, as you probably just heard,
there also slamming uh those allies.
Have a look at this post, of course, uh
for rejecting his appeals for assistance
in the conflict while at the same time
saying that, "Yeah, we asked for your
help, but we actually didn't need the
help of anybody here." Uh Japan though,
as you see in that post, is among the
countries the president actually singled
out.
>> Yeah. Just ahead of this summit on
Thursday with Prime Minister Sai Takahi,
who says she will use the meeting to
quote deepen discussions on the war.
Let's bring in our East Asia government
editor, John Herskovich, joins us now
live from Tokyo. John, what's at stake
for Takichi?
>> Uh, this is a really it's a really
important visit for her and also it's
going to be closely watched by the
allies and partners of the US to see how
hard she's going to be pressed for Japan
to provide naval assistance in the
straight of Hormuz. as you as we just
saw that Trump is on the on again off
again he's off again in asking for help
but he's done this quite angrily so what
we may yeah Japan has said that it's not
going to be sending anything it has
limits in its constitution about
deploying assets to a host to an to an
area where there is conflict and also
the the public is strongly against the
US war against Iran in Japan so how taki
punish this is going to be quite
interesting. I mean will will Trump and
her discuss this behind closed doors
about how Japan might participate or
could she be in for a white h aval
tongue lashing which has happened with
other leaders. So you know for her it's
a really difficult situation. She's the
first leader that's been of a country
that's been called out for naval
support. She's going to Washington.
She's trying to maintain this military,
strategic, and economic alliance that's
been going on for decades. And how Trump
handles this, how much she presses her
is going to be is going to have
ramifications around the world,
especially with NATO countries and
allies of the US.
>> John, just two big developments. I want
to get your thoughts on whether and how,
if any, this might affect the direction
of uh the war. One is Iran security
chief was killed. number one. Number
two, Trump's top counterterrorism
official has resigned. Uh just with
those two in mind, um where does this
now take us in as far as Iran is
concerned?
>> Sure. With the um the killing of uh
Iran's security chief, Larry Johnny,
we're seeing that Iran is going to have
a vacuum of of uh leadership in terms of
how it fights the war and how it runs
the government. So this is coming as the
war is intensifying, Iran trying to
figure out strategy and Larry Johnny was
a person seen as the face of the current
government. Um but he was also viewed as
being a bit more pragmatic than some of
other Iran's leaders. So if there was
hope for a negotiated settlement, it
could become a bit more difficult with
him removed from the scene. Now with the
um Joe Kent, the national security the
um security adviser who left because of
the war in Iran, it's showing that there
are divisions within Trump's meabase
between the hawks and those who are
opposed to the intervent to
intervention. This is the highest uh
official that has stepped down because
of the war in Iran and it's there are
rumblings within the base about whether
this is right or not. Now the MAGA base
has proved quite resilient to this but
it highlights that there are divisions
in this and that the the pro Iran war
camp and those opposed to the
intervention are fighting it out that
there is dissatisfaction among Trump
supporters for what's going on.
John, thank you so much uh for the
latest in the context. John Herskovitz,
our East Asia government editor there.
Uh we're back with Changlay FX and rates
specialist at LGT here with us on set. I
think you mentioned in the previous
segment, central banks are in a
difficult position. They need to manage
long-term expectations and they need to
manage short-term fluctuations. We
talked during the break, you said Swissy
and SMB is is critical to watch. Why?
Why is that?
>> Yeah. So I think amongst the central
banks um you know this week right the
two that I think would be most important
for the FX market is the BOJ and the
SMB. Uh why the SMB? Because um if you
look at the Swiss performance um since
March is in fact this had been somewhat
disappointing. It's not performing as a
safe heaven that you would usually
expect and and a large part of that was
because of increased SMB intervention
risk when they came out with that
unusual intrame statement. But I think
the market would definitely test the SMB
and my concern is that a one-off
intervention may not be enough and
absence kind of a signal that they are
moving to a more sustained FX purchase
regime somewhat similar to 2015 2020 the
market will feels that one of
intervention probably not uh enough in a
world of you know rising risk.
>> Yeah. I mean the yen's probably the same
thing right they're they're not behaving
like the typical safe haven. We're
approaching 160 once again.
>> Yeah. which has been yeah what what do
you think the BOJ could telegraph this
time around
>> uh this week when it came to the
currency and is there really still that
intervention risk?
>> Yeah, I think from the BOJ perspective
they need to really up their hawkish
stance and signal an earlier rate hike.
Um to me I think since March what we
have seen is you know the market sharply
increase pricing for central banks like
we see rate hikes being priced for ECB
for the BOE but the market has not moved
as much for the BOJ and that's somewhat
to me perplex things and and maybe a
degree of complacency um because you
know um you have the yen that is
weakening um you have inflation that's
already high to start with for Japan. So
the starting point you know for central
banks is different for the BOJ. They are
already somewhat behind the curve and if
they continues to do so then that means
there will be more upward pressure on
dollar yen. I think 161.8 which is the
high in um 2024 potentially could be
tested in that scenario.
>> So ideally what would you like to hear?
So what normalizes their slightly behind
the curve position? Well, I think they
would need to signal a hike as soon as
April, but I don't think they're ready
to do that, which is why the short-term
risk is for dollar yen upside still.
>> Okay. And it's undervalued still the
currency at the moment. Massively
undervalued.
>> Yes. But um I mean interest rate
differential is wide. If the BOJ is
behind the curve, that's not great for
the currency. Um and it's also not great
for the repatriation uh trade either
because people are not ready to get back
u domestic investor will not be ready to
get back into you know JJBs for
instance. if you fear that central bank
is behind the curve and will need to
hike aggressively subsequently.
>> Okay. Um I think we covered everything
but I I want to get to some of your
trades.
>> Um if if there is going to be a
prolonged straight of hormones closure,
you're saying go long US Thai bot.
>> Yes.
>> Walk us through that. You mentioned
about Aussie and Korean wand. That is
what you like deescalation when it also
is a remman. Can you talk us through ta
bot and remn before you go as well? Yeah
sure. Um so on the bot I think right now
we have a perfect storm. Um and in a way
that is a stone that is encouraged by
policy at least from an FX perspective.
Uh you know B starting from a very
overvaluation position very detached
from weak fundamentals. Um it has a high
guess net energy um trade deficit in
Asia at about 7% of GDP and you always
have this second round effect as well
when you see jet fuel freight cost
negative for the tourism industry and
seasonally flow is negative too. the
current account is um you know negative
in terms of uh second quarter because of
dividend outflow and previously you have
you know CTA funds that were long bought
and now may have to see the signal flip
uh into shorts all of that tie into you
know the Thai authority that has been
struggling for years to weaken the bot
and we'll see this as an opportunity um
whereas if you look on the R&B right the
signal we're seeing from the authority
is you know completely different I think
the fact that the dollar fix has been
net lower since March is a huge message
right when DXY is broadbased stronger
energy shock um I think China dominant
positions in renewable energies will
give it a kind of a competitive edge
even after this crisis um and even
though you get this delay in Trump
meeting I think it's only slow the
dollar R&B downside but not changing the
trend
>> actually one quick question if you don't
mind
>> we've seen a move to price inflation
some inflation in China this week
steeper the curve should we fade that
move or do you believe that move? I I
think there's still a bit more upside
for that move given that positioning was
starting from you know um very very um
undermined in terms of China inflation
expectations um and you know you think
the macro pictures there's already some
green shoots otherwise
>> John it's great to have you FX and race
specialist at LGT joining us here in our
studio and there's more of course on the
Iran war as geopolitical and market
fallout coming out we're going to talk
to a lot of guests here who's going to
be joining Haz on today's edition of
insight. Much more ahead on the China
show. This is Bloomberg.
All right, some earnings to tell you
about this morning. Credentials new
business profit rose 13% to $2.78
billion on its actual exchange rate
basis last year. That's thanks to growth
in the Hong Kong and China markets. Now,
that was above the $2.76 billion average
analyst estimate. In a statement, the
insurers says it will buy back an
additional $1.2 billion in its own
stock. Tensson Music shares have tumbled
more than 20% here after a bigger than
expected drop in monthly active users.
That number fell by 23 million in the
fourth quarter from the prior period.
Results also showed slower growth in
subscription revenues despite stronger
performance in other sales. ZTO Express
shares gained after its parcel volume
outlook for the year beat the average
analyst estimate. Fourth quarter revenue
jumped 12% on year also topping
estimates. The company also authorized a
repurchase of up to $1.5 billion in
shares through March of 2028.
>> Right. An update on Samsung 5% to the
upside here. Well, a couple of things.
Memories back and they're getting into
the humanoid robot game here. We'll be
introducing such to various I would
imagine production or product lines.
Yeah. Uh yeah. So we'll keep an eye on
that story of course as we go into the
thick of things. Uh we're headed into
the Tokyo close. More in that plus an
update on Mitsui OSK on the other side
of this break.
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are heading to that lunch break in just
a moment and you are seeing a decent
rally underway uh in Tokyo today. Nikki
225 and the topics are both uh up about
2% here. So certainly there is uh a sign
that equity investors are kind of moving
away from the whole Iran situation
though despite the fact that oil prices
are still above $100 here. We're flat
when it comes to the currency just under
that 159 level and DGB yields are at
least uh this route that we've seen of
late has cooled down just a bit.
>> Yeah. Uh one stock we're tracking there
is Mitsui OSK following earlier reports
from Reuters which now of course I
believe Elliot has now said that they
have taken a significant stake uh in the
company should be towards session highs
as we head into the break there uh on on
the Japanese shipper right that takes us
into the broader rally in the region
here 1 and a half% on the benchmark
we're also better on US futures e- mini
futures right now just a touch under 68
um every sector is up as you can see and
I think more importantly is bottom row
four second from the right. Uh Bloomberg
Asia dollar index is catching a bit of a
bid today which effectively is weaker
dollar for a third day. That's helping
things along quite nicely. Uh 10 cent on
your screens. Uh we're about an hour
into the market sess cash market
session. It's out with earnings uh later
today.
>> Yep. We're seeing stock down by about
3/4 of 1%. Uh this is the most favored
stock uh in Asia. I think it was like 64
buys. Uh and really of late its
outperformance with Alibaba has been
quite interesting as well. Uh this
catch-up story we've seen around the
stock when it comes to AI and Agentic
AI. Uh let's get the Bloomberg
intelligence take here. You know they
think that Tencent should deliver
earnings growth thanks to its lowrisk AI
strategy. Let's bring in our senior
analyst Robert Lee. He's with us here
right now along with our strategist
Shirley Wong who has been talking about
this whole AI sector in China and how
it's decoupling from US tech. Robert,
I'll start with you. uh just walk us
through the earnings first. What should
we expect for the fourth quarter?
>> Okay. Um famous last words, but it
should be in line to marginally ahead.
Um because it's a well diversified
business, as you know, is a a leader,
even a global leader in many of its main
businesses. They're defensive in nature
and high margin in nature. So, the
numbers themselves uh I don't expect any
major surprises there. And in terms of
the narrative, unsurprisingly, it's
going to be dominated by AI and Agentic
AI with we can even play a game of bingo
and try and second guess how many times
Aentic AI and Open Glory is going to be
mentioned in the call. I imagine that
that's going to dominate things. But
looking forward, this is a key uh period
Q1 which we're almost at the end of for
the games business. Again, they'll
update on how the domestic video games
business, which is the core of their
profit driver and cash uh engine that
underpins everything else. Um, so we'll
get an update on that. Uh, get some
visibility on the pipeline of titles,
but again, I think everything is going
to be dominated by AI discussions.
>> What do you think they'll see on the
capex question? Okay, so I did publish a
few days ago uh the view that Tencent
and Alibaba are more likely for obvious
reasons to increase their capex guidance
for this year. Um I think as we've
discussed before, Tencent takes a very
conservative view. Uh I don't think
we're going to see any doubling of capex
as we saw from the likes of uh you know
the the mag 7 and Amazon etc. Um but
given the strength of demand for AI and
particularly agentic AI services which
consume a lot of tokens then the risk is
the capex number goes up I think more so
for Alibaba which we'll report tomorrow
um because they have a much greater
focus on cloud computing they are the
dominant cloud computing company in
China.
Um the latest news around Nvidia, right?
So they're ramping up production of H200
to China. Reuters just came out this
morning saying that China has also
approved
>> uh the sale of that. How do you think
some of these big internet giants in
China are going to respond to that?
>> Okay. I mean, this is all tied up with
geopolitics and it's been again this
expression I've used before that hoke
koke. We've been one step in, one step
out. Who knows what will happen next
week but if these stories are to be
believed um I mean again uh demand is
outstripping supply at the moment. So
absolutely if Chinese firms can get
their hands on H200 chips even though
the performance is below Nvidia's
leading products then of course they
would take them. Uh whether that is a
long-term window of opportunity for
Nvidia or short-term remains to be seen.
I think the direction of travel is still
clear um given the government strategy
to become self-sufficient and in
technology and also with the very large
number of uh new startup um AI focused
chip companies you've seen come to
market here in Hong Kong then I think
the direction of travel is to buy local.
So ultimately China wants to be
self-sufficient in all core technology
with AI supply chain being a you know a
key area of investment. Just one quick
point as well, put yourself in a
position of a CIO or CFO of a Chinese AI
company. Now, you know, maybe you're
planning a new data center, right? Let's
do it on Nvidia chips. The product's
great. That isn't in question. But what
you don't know is what President Trump
may or may not do in a month's time.
Because again, this whole flip-flopping
of of policy and from a business risk
point of view, from a supply chain
management point of view, you're taking
on quite some risk
>> um to base your infrastructure around an
American chip which may not be available
in another 3 or 4 weeks. We live in uh
interesting times.
>> Oh, well to say the least. To say the
least. Um in fact it's it's really also
the all the uncertainty and the the
fluidity of the situation has really
made one specific group of stocks AI
software names um they have decoupled
from US peers in some way shelter from
the storm somewhat of an anchor really
here to talk us through why we're seeing
uh this relative outperformance in the
Chinese AI software space relative to
others. Uh Shirley of course has been
standing by for us. talk to us about
your note your note today Shirley why
are we seeing this
>> right um so thank you for having me and
um yes um so this year uh we have seen a
sell-off um in um global uh software AI
software companies um shares um uh you
know earlier this year there was
concerns about um you know the earnings
and the profitability um so that's led
to some of these like global AI stocks
um really uh coming down about 22% or so
um this year. Um but what we are seeing
right now is that there is a breakdown
in the correlation between uh the
Chinese AI software companies um shares
and also the US software um stock
shares. Um so um that breakdown um has
um declined um you know it was at about
a 04 uh 47 um earlier in um September
and um it fell to about um almost
negative um you know right now um so um
so and also the beta of these uh
companies software companies in China
are also um lower uh compared to the S&P
500. Um so we're seeing that divergence
um between the price performance of
these companies um uh domestically um in
China and also um the uh the divergence
in their revenue momentum as well.
>> Yeah. And can you tell us the
difference? I mean we actually have seen
as you mentioned some of these AI
software stocks have actually risen
since this Iran war began and I guess
this whole open claw sort of phenomenon
really unfolded before our eyes. Can you
tell us you know do you think how you
know how transformative do you think
this whole open AI frenzy is for the
tech sector?
>> Yeah. Um so the open AI frenzy um has
sort of lifted um the sentiment of these
uh the price momentum of these Chinese
AI um software companies um shares. Um
but um and it's really um the divergence
in terms of the revenue momentum um
compared to with the valuations that
we're seeing right now. So the
valuations of these Chinese AI software
companies um have fallen um significant
by 17% or so um compared to um you know
what you're seeing um in the US um where
uh their their valuations are still
slightly higher. Um so um there is that
um you know uh that divergence there um
that uh you know is quite interesting to
to look at.
>> Okay. Uh final thoughts Rob you just
heard there from Shirley. Um you've been
itching to respond.
>> Yeah I don't disagree with any of that.
All I would point out is that there is
demand is outstripping supply. The
scarcity value for these pure play AI
names. um they are small companies on
the whole. Uh there is a big question
mark as to whether they have sustainable
uh business models but as Shirley
pointed out in retail dominated markets
in Asia small cap companies when there's
a risk on attitude towards the AI sector
small cap companies will perform. Will
they perform well in the long run if
they deliver the money if they deliver
the profits? Of course they will. But I
think there is a significant risk that
that may not come through.
>> All right Rob. Thank you Robert Lee.
there. Also, our thanks to Shirley Wong,
both from Blueberg Intelligence, uh,
talking about AI and all the themes
around it in China. Coming up, we're
talking about a Singapore-based data
center operator is seeking what could be
the biggest loan ever for the sector in
Asia. More next, the mountain of debt
bankrolling the AI expansion. This is
Bloomberg.
Now to a Bloomberg scoop that just
crossed your terminal a few minutes ago
that Singapore based day one data
centers is seeking to double the size of
existing loan to $7 billion and that
would be the the largest borrowing for
the sector by any firm in Asia.
>> Yeah. For more details, let's bring in
our Bloomer Credit reporter Carrie Sue
Lindberg is with us of course with the
details of this. It's quite a big
amount. Talk us through the the contours
of the deal here.
>> To be honest, I don't I think in some
ways the deal is very straightforward,
right? basically they need more money
for you know there are facilities in
Malaysia which is where this massive
buildup in um Asia has been happening
right specifically the southern state of
Johor. But I think really the deal what
the deal what is interesting about the
deal is really what it symbolizes. And
what it symbolizes is a pipeline of data
center operators that are going to need
so much more money to continue to kind
of um supply power to the AI boom that
is you know really rapidly growing. But
this is really um this is really where I
think the the question marks and the
risks are really kind of starting to
form already, right? Because banks have
already lent tremendous amounts of money
to this operator. Um and can they
continue to keep lending in the same
volume that they have been? And I think
this is a question that applies to all
the data center operators and all the
hyperscalers that are seeking financing
if um Asia's AI boom is going to exist.
And I think why does this matter?
Because there's um because actually if
you look at the numbers in terms of
market share, Asia's AI boom is supposed
to be 32% yearonear for the next couple
years versus the US's which is only 18.
And so if they can't match that, that
could spell really big problems.
>> Okay. I mean, and this just goes to show
really that, you know, when it comes to
these debt deals, it's still AI that
dominates what's happening in the
region.
>> Hands down. And I think it's also it's
really it's also really tricky problem
right because on the one hand the reason
why these deals are such good deals to
do was um it's actually a very
structural because it came at a time
when um these deals started happening
around like 2020 2022 when the real
estate sector in Asia was essentially
falling apart right so these banks
needed something else to do and what's a
better bet than this right and so it's a
is this really going to pay off right
That's the ultimate question always.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Is there a better bet than
this? I think is also a question that
depends on the last point. Uh fantastic.
Thank you. Thank you, Mari there. Uh Sue
Lindberg, our credit reporter. Right. Uh
speaking of right, this goes into has
intersected with the credit conversation
and the sell off in credit markets
sparked by the higher oil prices, Iran
war, this meltup in uh yields. As you
can see, credit spreads are at their
widest since uh June of last year
following this broader route in risk
assets. Finnbar Flynn, our Asia credit
editor, is with us right now to talk us
through this relationship, Finnbar,
between private credit, the major bank
setback that made then private credit
have some room to grow. What is this
linkage now? What's going on there?
>> Uh good morning. Yes. uh private credit
and the public credit markets are
obviously very much linked together and
you're for example we're seeing that
widening in the spreads that you
mentioned there David and that's for two
reasons one is because a we have the
Iran war going on and spreads were so
tight and people are now actually
demanding for more compensation for this
credit risk but it's also because of all
this money pouring into the public
markets by people like Amazon who sold
54 billion of debt last week so that's
pushing spreads out as And then you have
those concerns about private credit. Um
what's happening there? People want to
have a little bit more h compensation,
but they also, you know, you can sell
the public credit a lot quicker than you
can the private credit. So you may have
some of that kind of selloff there as
well.
>> Yeah. And I mean, how much dip buying is
there going on maybe? And and and why do
you think people should be worried?
>> Yeah. So I mean the question then also
so you have this dip buying spreads have
gone in IG from basically the 70s to the
'9s. Now that doesn't sound like a huge
amount but in for credit it's it's quite
an increment and we're not at anywhere
near the sort of the 10ear averages
which is about 120 globally but
everything is tied into credit in one
way or another. We have that issue at
the start or you mentioned on the banks.
Um some of these major banks are saying
you know we're not hugely exposed to
private credit. Private credit has made
a bunch of money for us. We haven't lost
any money. But these linkages they are
trillion dollar linkages. though if uh
10% of private credit goes under as uh
PIMCOR recently speculated you're
talking $und00 billion and that is a
sizable amount and if that comes at a
time when the economy is not as stellar
as it is in the last couple of years
then you're going to some see some real
pain to be honest
>> yeah Fidbar lots of very big numbers are
being tossed around and I wonder whether
there is a risk that by virtue of the
big numbers we're effectively scaring
ourselves just contextualize how big the
risks are essentially.
>> Yes. So I mean that is a common
question. I mean so private credit is
about a $2 trillion market. So if you
get about a 10% loss there you got a
hundred billion maybe 100 billion more
but the the much larger wider market in
including public market is is tens of
trillions. Uh so that's the context but
this actually linkage within the banks
and the actual private credit managers
themselves that's an important linkage.
So if things go into a recession then
all of this becomes much more uh you
know forceful and more pressureful on
the managers and the banks to be honest.
>> Finnbar thank you Finn Barflin there
Asia credit editor joining us out of
Tokyo. Here's a look at how Asian
markets are doing as we go uh into a
break here. Right now, the the rest of
Asia is actually still sitting pretty.
It's the China markets that actually
have seen a bit of a reversal here.
We're flat when it comes to the hang
here right now. And the Shanghai
Composite is lower by about a third of
1% and tech selling off just a bit
there. This is Bloomberg.
In some corporate news this morning,
Australia's biggest gas producer,
Woodside Energy has appointed Liz
Wescott as CEO and managing director.
She's been acting CEO since December and
replaces Me O'Neal, who has taken the
top job at BP. Wescott takes charge as
the company stands to benefit from
soaring gas prices triggered by the Iran
war. And BHP has appointed Brandon Craig
as its new CEO to see growth in copper
and podash while managing a slowdown in
iron ore. Craig replaces Mike Henry and
will take on the role from July 1st.
This comes as the company faces
plateauing Chinese demand for iron ore,
which makes up almost half of its
earnings. Lululemon has forecast a
second straight year of profit declines,
further pressuring a brand that's
dealing with product mishaps while
searching for a new CEO. The midpoint of
its sales forecast also missed the
average analyst estimate. The
performance gives founder Chip Wilson
ammunition as he calls for strategic
changes and an overhaul of the company's
board.
>> Okay. Uh Reuters says Chinese officials
have granted approval for multiple
Chinese companies here to purchase H200
AI chips from Nvidia. Now the report
comes as the tech giant actually said it
was firing up production of those chip
uh uh to sell to the Chinese market. as
CEO Jensen Hong says the company has
secured licenses for many customers as
is restarting manufacturing for a market
once blocked by US export restrictions.
Bloomer Techch co-anchor Ed Lela reports
from the chipmaker's annual conference
in San Jose.
>> The situation for Nvidia has changed in
China literally in the last 3 weeks. It
seems like now there are multiple
licenses for customers in China and
Nvidia is taking steps to meet that
demand. Here's what Jensen Wong had to
say. We've been um uh licensed for many
customers in China for H200.
Uh we have received purchase orders um
from many customers and we're in the
process of uh restarting our
manufacturing.
>> The biggest piece of clarity came around
that $1 trillion figure sales
opportunity 2025 to 2027. It is just
Blackwell and Reuben based systems. It
does not take into account any revenues
or revenue opportunities from CPU or
even Grock. Although Jenzong did say
that if you factored Grock into it,
there could be up to 25% upside on that
$1 trillion figure. Beyond that, it was
very much a kind of state of the world.
It always is at GTC where Jensen holds
court with the press and goes through a
wide range of issues. But probably uh
the the biggest thing beyond sort of
talking about how robust demand is is
the solidity of supply chains. There's
going to need to be trillions of dollars
worth of capacity put in place to meet
the supply uh that's required for
current demand. Um Jensen Wong also
addressed what's happening both in the
Middle East and in Iran. Um Nvidia has
lots of employees in in Israel and he
said that the company is committed to
Israel. He's very worried about his
employees there. And as it relates to
Taiwan and the future of Taiwan, Nvidia
is 100% committed and its supply chain
has heavy concentration there. That is
not going to change. Ed LLO for
Bloomberg News in San Jose, California.
>> Yeah, a lot of headlines came through uh
in that conference from Nvidia,
particularly when it came to that CNBC
interview with Jensen Hong and asking
him about Open Claw and what he thought,
you know, the potential of this sort of
technology is. and he basically said
it's definitely the next chat GBT.
That's why you are seeing some of these
sort of open claw linked sort of names
in China in particular here that are
yeah surging once again Dave.
>> Yeah. Um yeah just looking through some
of the commentary that's come through
there. I mean clearly the markets are
running and why not right given how
bullish those comments actually sounded
uh coming through. Vital knowledge says
Nvidia was as bullish as ever about the
demand backdrop for that. extremely
bullish on the implications of Open
Claw, comparing it to your point there,
right? Um, also comparing it to Windows
or Mac as it pertains to uh Yeah. Yep.
In case you missed that, Jensen Hang
says OpenClaw is definitely the next
Chat TPT in that interview of course
with CNBC.
>> Yep. Um, so it certainly is quite
interesting, right? And you're seeing
that I think China is the one that
really has been embracing uh open claw
probably more bigger than most places in
the world right now. That's why you are
seeing maybe these massive moves in Jupu
and Miniax uh there Ucloud tech also on
shore. Uh let's move on take a look at
some of the movers out there. We're
watching oil stocks in particular just
given the fact I think it's a it's a
fourth straight day we've seen oil
prices above $100. Uh so we're slightly
off some of the initial highs of the
session but still uh there is still a
bit of a mixed picture across some of
these Asia oil plays here. Impex for
example though is still up some 4%. Uh
we're watching aluminum as well. Well, I
mean given the Iran situation, aluminum
has certainly been quite volatile as
well, but we're starting to see some of
these aluminum stocks in China fall as
we start to see inventory rising on weak
demand. So, uh they are mostly lower
here this morning. Tencent and Tensent
Music, the big one to watch.
>> Yes, Tencent Music uh is uh reaction
really to what the company had said and
of course Tencent is the one that comes
out with earnings uh later today. Um a
couple of downgrades still coming
through on Tencent Music specifically.
uh 22% and we will of course further the
conversation on Tencent tomorrow on the
shows with Barklays of course with Jong
Sha. Uh he covers of course the Chinese
tech space. He's joining us tomorrow.
Fantastic insights there usually when we
get here from Jong Sha. And yes, Tencent
is out with earnings later today and of
course into the session tomorrow.
>> Yeah, Tencent and the Fed and plus some
pretty important central bank decisions
coming up in the next 36 hours or so.
Right. So we talked about Bank of Canada
is the next one to watch there. Thursday
is the Fed. Then you got BOJ on Thursday
as well as the ECB. That's it for us
here on the China show. Insight with
Helena Ahmed is next.